on air bb king on pontalina urgente
we came to the bahia avenue in downtown
Potala knife to show more
lack of administrative ability of this
current administration avenida bahia por
whole has holes and has the problem
can not complain because
Paulo can be persecuted for movie
Please, how is this hole here?
in front of the station opposite a
and also in front of the whole
arrives in town hall paid said
They talk to us, he is.
Arriving here and repeating, talk to us.
just have something to tell us about
the old woman from Bahia, the problem is
problem is the problem and problem that is the
hole for the film for him the problem
is that he can not see why you're filming
water has repeatedly taken the people
including collaborates should only make a
campaign's it
worrying the commercials I do not touch panta
occupying your excellency, the
Cloth is showing the hole for you.
No, you do not know what's going on.
in the picture 1036 there you in the schalke there
more than 30 days and this hole was not
not covered in the commercial avenue either
It was you, you talking.
we are no longer here every day that there is
who picks up the neighbors here question
how many times was it capped at the station and
play your appointment with me cover today
they are showing you have no commitments
and it was not the way you 're not doing
here is judging trader agents
Are you doing this talking, are you?
Talking and only then will I give to charge
others all there my button, everyone you are
Tell me, are you talking at night?
From the cold hole to me, please.
here is the movie that told me that
says come back to hold the jec of us
see that it works out all day long
plays with water that are inclusive of
side of you
the people throw water lack of sewage is lack
of sewage works the goal has to go
the three best city day by
this is proof you talking about me know
only knows people type 2 million
morning transactions that two months ago
in one of the final jean stopped talking about the
Dear Sir, I come here paulinho
Come here with me. I want to show you.
no use they came here to try
intimidates us
we are with the true facts
movie hole of the hole that the hole
where the water
Look at the water Look at the water It's water It 's water
is sewage thrown the city hall to
defend nothing nothing beats no work
for you look at me for me not at
contract people who do not know how to work
for you to meet people who not only
works of beauty at home but also
I already started to have chances but this one
brooding and if you have not Islam that can
to dialogue problems of mouth urine
and presence and pontalina plus one
but the sign of despair of this
you have nothing that you know you're going to have to leave
of this city from the first day of
because he is incompetent
this city allows no more